docs: update contributor docs (#1104)
Esri/arcgis-rest-js: README.md

});
```

### Get Started

> Refer to the documentation for [ArcGIS REST JS on the ArcGIS Developers website](https://developers.arcgis.com/arcgis-rest-js/) for information about how to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the documentation at the [ArcGIS REST JS on the ArcGIS Developers website](https://developers.arcgis.com/arcgis-rest-js/) for information about how to get started.
```

Reviewer: after re-reading this ... my suggestion is bad wording too ...

> Refer to the documentation for [ArcGIS REST JS on the ArcGIS Developers website](https://developers.arcgis.com/arcgis-rest-js/) for information about how to get started.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get started, go to [ArcGIS REST JS on the ArcGIS Developers website](https://developers.arcgis.com/arcgis-rest-js/).
```

### Documentation

> The documentation is published at https://developers.arcgis.com/arcgis-rest-js/ and is maintained ina private repository and managed by the ArcGIS Developer Experience team. The [API reference](https://developers.arcgis.com/arcgis-rest-js/api-reference/) is generated automatically by [TypeDoc](https://typedoc.org/) via the `npm run typedoc` command and the [`typedoc.json` configuration file](./typedoc.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation is published at https://developers.arcgis.com/arcgis-rest-js/ and is maintained in a private repository and managed by the ArcGIS Developer Experience team. The [API reference](https://developers.arcgis.com/arcgis-rest-js/api-reference/) is generated automatically by [TypeDoc](https://typedoc.org/) via the `npm run typedoc` command and the [`typedoc.json` configuration file](./typedoc.json).
```

### Instructions

You can install dependencies by cloning the repository and running:

```bash
npm install && npm run build
```

> THis will install all dependencies and do an inital build. Afterward, you can run any of the [demo apps](./demos/) by `cd`'ing by following the README for the specific demo. For a list of all available commands run `npm run`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will install all dependencies and do an initial build. Afterward, you can run any of the [demo apps](./demos/) by `cd`'ing by following the README for the specific demo. For a list of all available commands run `npm run`.
```

- `npm run build:bundled -w @esri/arcgis-rest-request` - run the rollup build in a specific workspace
- `npm run dev:bundled -w @esri/arcgis-rest-request` - run the rollup dev command in a specific workspace

### Packages

- [`@esri/arcgis-rest-request`](./packages/arcgis-rest-request/) - Core module implementing basic request code, shared TypeScript types and common utilities.
- [`@esri/arcgis-rest-portal`](./packages/arcgis-rest-portal) - Methods for working with ArcGIS Online/Enterprise content and users.
- [`@esri/arcgis-rest-feature-service`](./packages/arcgis-rest-feature-service) - Functions for querying, editing, and administering hosted feature layers and feature services.
- [`@esri/arcgis-rest-geocoding`](./packages/arcgis-rest-geocoding) - Wrapper around geocoding services.
- [`@esri/arcgis-rest-routing`](./packages/arcgis-rest-routing) - Wrapper around routing and directions services.
- [`@esri/arcgis-rest-demographics`](./packages/arcgis-rest-demographics) - Wrapper around demographic data services.

> - [`@esri/arcgis-rest-palces`](./packages/arcgis-rest-palces) - Wrapper around place finding and place\ data services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`@esri/arcgis-rest-places`](./packages/arcgis-rest-places) - Wrapper around place finding and place data services.
```
